
Goal:
	To build an app that facilitates event management and trading of products within the same community members.
About the App:
	The new or existing members of the community can register themselves on the app through the email invite link. Once signed-up or signed-in, the user will be directed to event feed page of the app that contains the listing of the events. The listing of the events on the page will be done as per the user preferences and the groups he is part of or has created. Multiple filter options will also be provided to the user in order to list the events as per his priority. This makes the app user-friendly trying to give best user experience.
	Apart from the main event feed page, the user can navigate himself to multiple other pages designed to provide multiple options and functionality. In order to give an easy way of navigation between pages, all the options have been kept under the menu list which will be available throughout the app on every page. The user can go on menu selects the desired page he wants to go, for example, user account settings, trade page, profile page and so on.
	Every page has been provided with multiple options and functionalities. Event feed page will allow users to create, edit, or delete the event or to make a comment on the events. The user can create and delete the groups which belong to him and can be a part of other groups.
	The app  details and FAQs are also provided in order to ease the usage of the app for the users. All these details have been kept under FAQs page and HELP pages.
	Another main functionality that defines the app is the freedom to buy or sell items with their neighbors. The functionality provides a convenient way to purchase or sell items without any difficulty. The user just has to list his products on the app and others can view and crack a deal. It’s a win-win situation for the seller as well as for the buyer. All the items/trading products have been kept separate from other events and are made available on the trading feed page.
